Docs: Add docs for adding / removing volumes to/from JBOD storage (#1551)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/book/ref-storage-persistent.adoc

# ...
----

== Persistent Volume Claim naming

> When the persistent storage is used, it will create Persistent Volume Claims with the following names:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When persistent storage is used, it creates Persistent Volume Claims with the following names:
```

`data-_cluster-name_-zookeeper-_idx_`::
Persistent Volume Claim for the volume used for storing data for the Zookeeper node pod `_idx_`.

== Log directories

> The persistent volume will be used by the Kafka brokers as log directory mounted into the following path:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The persistent volume will be used by the Kafka brokers as log directories mounted into the following path:
```
